
Grandpaw?

At some point in the 1930s a singing group known for its regular comedic songs on radio put together the following, based on a collection of fairly amusing and ascerbic anecdotes by Mark Twain wherein, at a point, he laid down a series of circumstances by which someone might conceivably become their own grandfather.

You can find the below the the following address:
	http://gean.wwco.com/grandpa/

"
Many, many years ago when I was twenty-three
I was married to a widow who was pretty as could be.
This widow had a grown-up daughter who had hair of red.
My father fell in love with her and soon they, too, were wed.

This made my dad my son-in-law and changed my very life
For my daughter was my mother, 'cause she was my father's wife.
To complicate the matter, even though it brought me joy
I soon became the father of a bouncing baby boy.

My little baby then became a brother-in-law to dad
And so became my uncle, though it made me very sad
For if he was my uncle, then that also made him brother
To the widow's grown-up daughter, who, of course, was my step-mother.

My father's wife then had a son who kept them on the run
And he became my grand-child, 'cause he was my daughter's son.
My wife is now my mother's mother, and it makes me blue
Because, although she is my wife, she's my grandmother too.

If my wife is my grandmother, then I am her grandchild
And every time I think of it, it nearly drives me wild
For now I have become the strangest case you ever saw
(This has got to be the strangest thing I ever saw)
As husband of my grandmother, I am my own grandpaw.
"


The amusing happenstance is caused by regarding relation by marriage and heredity as equivalent.

For the purposes of the assignment, presume all marriages are between individuals of opposite sex and that all relations of both marriage and blood are equivalent; in particular the 'in law' suffix that is usually postpended to relations gained by marriage can be dispensed with. It is used once in the rule below for clarity.

Your assignment is to write a set of Prolog rules to verify the proposition that the relations in the song are indeed possible.

You should start the basic facts:
male(X).
female(X).
child(X,Y).
spouse(X,Y).

 .. and construct at least the 'prove' rule below and its subgoals to model and test/investigate the logical consistency of the song above:
 
proof(ME) :- daughter(A,ME), mother(A,ME), son_in_law(D,ME), brother(B, D), uncle(E,ME), brother(B,A), grandchild(F,ME), mother(C,A), grandmother(C,ME), grandchild(ME,C), grandfather(ME,ME). 

Be sure the subgoals capture the relationship they name.

Submit your "OwnGrandpa.pl" on or before the due date.





